docs: Add Safe CLI (#400)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/advanced/cli-reference/tx-service-operations.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Operations for the `tx-service` mode

> ## Return balance

Reviewer: Inconsistency here:
- Return (the) balance (of a Safe)
- Execute **a** pending transaction
- Sign (a) transaction
- Etc.

Returns a list of balances for ERC-20 tokens and ether.

```bash
balances
```

## Transactions

### Return transaction history

Returns history of multi-sig transactions (including pending).

```bash
history
```

### Execute a pending transaction

Execute a pending transaction with enough signatures.

```bash
execute-tx <safe-tx-hash>
```

### Sign transaction

> Sign a transaction with the loaded owners for the provided `SafeTxHash`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign a transaction with the loaded owners for the provided Safe transaction hash.
```

```bash
sign-tx <safe-tx-hash>
```

### Sign message

> Sign the provided string message provided by standard input or the `EIP712` provided by file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign the provided string message provided by standard input or the `EIP-712` provided by file.
```

> Sign the provided string message provided by standard input or the `EIP712` provided by file.

Reviewer: "Provided" appears 3 times in this sentence

```bash

> sign_message [--eip191_message <str>] [--eip712_path <file-path>]

Reviewer: As this is a reference, all the params in the command should be explained in detail. This should apply to all the params in this file

```

### Batch transactions

> Batch transactions into one Multisig transaction using the provided `safe-nonce.` Any safe-tx can be used, like transactions from other Safes, already executed transactions, pending execution, etc. The only limitation is that the *transactions from other networks cannot be used*. The batching order will follow the same order of the `safe-tx-hashes` provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch transactions into one multi-signature transaction using the provided `safe-nonce.` Any `safe-tx` can be used, like transactions from other Safe accounts, already executed transactions, pending execution, etc. The only limitation is that the *transactions from other networks cannot be used*. The batching order will follow the same order of the `safe-tx-hashes` provided.
```

```bash
batch-txs <safe-nonce> <safe-tx-hash> [ <safe-tx-hash> ... ]
```

### Remove proposed transaction

Removes a proposed non-executed transaction with the owner's signature that proposed the transaction.

```bash
remove_proposed_transaction <safe_tx_hsh>
```

## Delegates

### Return delegates

> Returns a list of *delegates* for the Safe. A *delegate* can be used when you *trust an address to post transactions to the tx-service on your behalf*. If a transaction is not trusted (posted to the service and not signed by a delegate or an owner of the Safe), it will be stored in the service but not shown in the Safe \{Wallet\} web interface

Reviewer: For consistency, italics is not the right format for this, we don't use them anywhere else in the docs. They appear not only here, but in different places in the CLI docs.
